###### 16 – Mind Store
==Time to Activate:== 1 hour
==EXP Cost:== 5000 EXP or 1000 EXP to update an existing crystal.
==Resist Check:== none
==Target:== touch
==Duration:== permanent
==Area:== 4” crystal
==Effect:== store a copy mind
This ability creates a crystal that contains the essence of the user's mind. As long as they are alive the crystal is inert. If they die, their soul is drawn into this crystal immediately even if they are on a different plane than the crystal and their body becomes inert and cannot be brought back to life by any means. If the user has made multiple crystals, only the most recent crystal that still exists will be used. Once the soul is in the crystal, the stored mind activates and the crystal begins to glow. The psion can see and hear normally. The psion can now use any of the abilities he knew when the crystal was created, gains six ranks of Mental Communication, and may continue to spend experience to learn abilities. He can also spend 1 PU to grow ectoplasmic legs on the crystal that last for one hour and grant a land movement rate of 30'. The crystal has a 10 in all physical attributes (STR, HEA, AGI, and COM) and the psion has the same mental attributes as when the crystal was created. The crystal’s defense values are calculated normally, but it has a +16 magical bonus due to its size. The crystal has the same DP as the psion had when it was created. Other spells and abilities can later be used to restore the psion to life, but he will not regain any abilities that he knew before dying that were not stored in the crystal without divine intervention or relearning them through spending more EXP. If the crystal is destroyed and the psion does not have another crystal set up, the psion's soul floats free normally. The psion can also cast this spell again on a crystal he has previously created and it will update the mind stored in it to their current abilities. This ability does not require active maintenance by the psion. Body of the psion can be regrown from the crystal with the use of True Metabolism ability.
